1.0
Chucky the Centaur
Rubies/Diamonds
Easy
It wears a leather coat to keep its skin in working order. Escorts you to the other realms, without a magic portal.
This is something you use every day within your classes or in past classes.
Book
-Answer riddle, Observe, Run
2.0
Freddy the Kraken
Answers/Next Steps
Medium
What is not alive but grows, does not breathe but needs air?
California and Australia experience a lot of these during the year.
Fire
-Run, Answer riddle
3.0
Sydney and the Banshees
Key
Hard
I build castles, yet tear down mountains, make some men blind and others see. What am I?
This is on every beach.
Sand
-Wailing noises can be heard through the castle, Must answer riddle within a certain amount of time, health deteriorates
4.0
Medusa
Rubies/ Other health items
Medium
The foolish man wastes me, the average man spends me, and wise man invests me, yet all men succumb to me. What am I?
You wear this and it allows you to track this item all day.
Time
-Player must answer riddle before medusa removes her glasses, If glasses are removed player is frozen for a turn and this will display on the console
5.0
Basilisks
Map/Key
Medium
Better old than young; the healthier it is, the Smaller it will be. What am I?
This happens when you fall.
Wound
-Player must search for items through snakes and if bitten must answer riddle to obtain antidote.
6.0
Cyclopes
Collect items for monsters
Easy
What is it that you keep when you need it not, but throw out when you do need it?
This is something that most boats have onboard.
Anchor
Collect items in dungeon to get to next task or next room. If items are not collected princess will remain locked up with Necromancer.
7.0
Hades
Collect key for extra level
Hard
What has four legs in the morning, two legs in the afternoon and three legs in the evening?
This happens to all of us throughout life.
Man. When he was a child, he crawled on all four, when he was older, he walked on two legs and when he was old aged, he used a cane.
-Befriend monster and get information about the princess
8.0
Necromancer
Save Princess
Hard
I am made out of five letters, and I am made out of seven letters; I have keys but I don’t have locks, I am concerned with time, but not with clocks.
The keys of this item is black and white.
Piano
Player must battle the necromancer by answering multiple riddles and completing a word scramble, Each answer that is correct attacks this mighty character